alright I'm back with my 8410 here and
what I'm gonna do with this video is
kind of show you around the insides of
it I'm gonna just kind of pop off the
port on the bottom and also underneath
the keyboard and show you some of the
internals of this normally I'd be happy
to strip it down to its bare parts but I
kind of want to keep my warranty intact
since it is brand new so I'll show you
what I can without voiding the warranty
first thing we'll do is flip it over
upside down and the first step in
getting any keyboard off the ThinkPad is
removing the proper screws on the bottom
it's dust off when I was first trying
this I was surprised to learn there are
only two screws on this model that hold
the keyboard in place I initially
started removing all these little screws
you can see there's one there and there
a couple all over the place I removed
all those and it only turns out only two
of them actually held the keyboard in
place so I'm just gonna show you those
two another common thing there's my line
of thinking anyways I saw this little
keyboard icon there which on a think pad
generally indicates that that's where if
a keyboard screw is and so I mistakenly
took that screw out when actually it's
referring to this little hole in the
bottom here which is the drainage port
this is made obvious by that little drop
of water there and what that is is the
keyboard has channels in it where if you
spill a can of coke or some water or
coffee on it the liquid is actually
drawn to these little ports on the
bottom and drain safely out instead of
getting on your motherboard and screwing
up the electronics inside pretty cool
little feature I'm not going to test
that live for you for obvious reasons
but that's what it's supposed to do
alright now let's get this keyboard off
and what the first thing we're gonna do
is remove the memory port cover here you
can see down here it's this little
keyboard indicator there next to this
screw which means that that needs to be
removed and also here there's another
keyboard indicator with an arrow that
points inside of this port covers so
first steps let's get this cover up I'm
just using a standard little mini
Phillips screwdriver a miniature
flathead wood work also these are I
guess the screws have both
connectors on them don't know if we
called connectors in that but that's
what I'm gonna turn them all right we'll
put that aside and this is the inside of
the bottom as you can see here we just
have a standard memory stick it's this
one particular one it's a 2 gigabyte
ddr3 so-dimm and next to it we have a
mini PCI Express slot if you order this
model with the bluetooth option then I
believe that card would be inserted here
I however did not order that option so I
can't confirm that if somebody else
knows better feel free to comment and
correct me but basically you can put any
PCI Express mini PCI Express card in
there all right and it's not much else
to see in there so I'll go ahead and
remove the second screw that holds the
keyboard in place
get out put it in a safe spot alright
and now what we need to do is flip the
unit back over and open it up and there
we go and the other little trick to
remember when you're opening up a think
pad keyboard is along this bottom edge
here you get your spacebar control keys
if you look in between the cracks
there's little notches in there kind of
pointing to it the screwdriver here and
right there is where you want to insert
your screwdriver and just gently pry up
so we'll go ahead and do that you see it
kind of pop out of place don't force it
let's go over to the other side and do
the same thing when the other notch all
right now we just kind of push forward
gently so it pops up and you should see
the whole keyboard lift up there then
you can gently pull back and voila you
can just put it right there for now
and this is the inside of a t4 10 right
here we have a little roll cage
protecting the optical drive I guess
it's a fairly sturdy if I put pressure
on it I can definitely see it moving and
precious into the optical drive but it
would take a lot of force to actually go
in and damage something under here we
have a little black plastic flap that
covers up the second memory thing this
is also a 2 gigabyte ddr3 so-dimm right
here is where the keyboard plugs in I
can actually go ahead and I won't remove
it for now since it's not hurting
anything but you just simply pry that up
and your whole keyboard will just simply
pop off moving over here we have the
Wi-Fi card this particular one is the
Intel 6300 model it's wireless n hence
the three antennas coming out of it and
those are all routed up here into the
right hand hinge and up into the back of
the LCD display for all your antenna
arrays
over here this is where we have the CPU
this is particular one is a core i5 540
Arundale chip it's special that it has
the GPU and the CPU in the same package
so they're both being cooled by this
simple to heat pipe cooler that leads
back to the edge and inside these little
grills there's a copper heat sink and a
little blower fan right there that
pushes air out both the side and in the
back here um that's really about all
there is to see in here and I'd have to
take off the whole palm rest and
everything to show you more but that is
basically what is inside of a t4 10 case
you have the battery bay and also the
roll cage covering that here yeah hope
you enjoyed this little tour
oh wait back up I'll show you the back
of the keyboard lenovo does like to mess
around with their keyboards and in the
older t 60 series this was basically
just a flat you know slab of metal was
really solid mighty 40 was the same way
actually there's none of these little
holes but what lenovo did in the t 400
series is they went and drilled out
these little holes is kind of a weight
saving measure kind of backfired on them
so they had to go through and redesign
it and this one is actually really
sturdy you can put a lot of force on it
and it won't really bend or work at all
and actually in an earlier video i found
a little bit of keyboard flex on the
Escape key and that was actually fixed
by just simply removing this keyboard
and just kind of making sure all these
little paper labels were out of the way
and it's no longer a problem I'm gonna
go back go ahead and put the keyboard
back in its place now it's just exact
opposite of how you took it out pops in
just slide it back a little bit you want
to make sure that those little tabs get
under the lip for the palm rest all
right it's all in place
that screw back
a little trick with these things I found
they have little tiny tabs on the edges
I don't know if you can see it too well
on the video there you go but they do
kind of hinder the plastic cover going
back into place you have to Jimmy it
around kind of warp it a little bit to
make sure it goes in there we go just
simply tighten the screw down and we are
back in business all right
that's been a quick teardown on the T
410 hope you enjoyed it and I'll be back
with a few more videos pointing out
little things of interest on this model
so stay tuned